Data Diaries, by Cory Arcangel, is a 2003 series of abstract videos created on the computer. More specifically, the creator used 1 month 
of memory located on his computer's storage space (known as RAM), taking that storage data, and placing them into QuickTime videos. He 
would tranlate different storage data for each day and traslating them into video, resulting in varing images of coded patterns. According 
to the information page, this project was to discuss about the generation during the time(early 2000s) and how the introduction to 
personal computers had effected them. In this case, becoming a tool for Arcangel to create his works. 

When I experienced Arcangel's work, I was using an emulator that simulated the functions of a Mac 0S 9 computer, creating that outdated 
desktop and window screens of old box comupters. This project is solely based on a point and click activity and the mouse, at times, can 
be a tad laggy. 

Now opening the project, I am greeted with an overall white screen with black dotted patterns and jagged speak bubbles filling with 
text(apparantly written using a mouse). The only activity seen is the flashing pattern of the spikey border around dream diaries. Despite 
it's old style for a modern viewer, the opening screen still gives off a dreamlike vibe it wants to protray. Surprisingly, despite the 
slight movement from some of the images on each page, the emulator does not slow down in loading to the next one, making the experience 
easy and pleasant to go through.

I believe the best function in this project is the navigation of the site. The project gives you options to view the project in color or 
not. Afterwards, you can roam freely onto any day of January 2003 and view the video, the data it stored that day. Some videos can be 
colorful and flashing, while others are dull and dim. All the while each video would have a loud, scratchy sound of the computer going 
through the data is heard(which I must admit, was rather annoying to hear over and over again). Sometimes something new would show on the 
video, be it a pattern or a new(sometimes more pleasant) sound, but a lot of times the videos for each day are almost the same. Moving 
from color ot black and white, however, allows the view to experience the porject in a different and unique way despite being the same. 
The play on color and not is an interesting format to protray the computer's memory. The only issue was that by viewing th videos in black 
and white, they needed to be downloaded to view.

What Arcangel does in a way is create a relationship between the human and the machine. On the infor page, Data Diaries is almost like the 
dreams of a computer. Just like humans, memories get placed in a storage space(for humans, it's the brain and for the computer, it's RAM) 
and then tranlated into dreams. No matter how rational or practical the memory may have been, once translated into dreams, the view of 
them become random, abstract, or nonesensical. That is exactly what the results of each Data Diary video becomes: an abstract image. 
Stemming from this, this is where I believe the artform takes place. Given the time this project was created, the personal computer was 
still a fairly new invention to use as a tool, much less a tool for expression such as art. The computer was used as a tool for the artist 
and the videos were an extention of the what the artist saved each day on his computer. 
